Hi! Hello, I am a student from China, and my real age is 17. In fact, I love modifying games more than studying. I have been using tools to modify and debug games since middle school, which can give me a great sense of achievement and drive me to learn. During these four years, I have been able to independently modify and capture the features of over 3000 games, achieving some abnormal effects, I am already considered a qualified 'personal modifier', but for the sake of my career, I feel that I need to transform into a mod author and establish my own market in China. I am not a brainless person here. I know how to use my strengths to make money, and I have also met many, many people. At this age, I feel more mature than others, and I also know how to avoid some legal risks, The way I make money with myself is not through selling and hanging. In fact, we have many ways to make money. In fact, I hope to find a senior who can serve as my teacher and help me learn faster. My understanding of the program is a bit foolish, but I have always had a lot of time and a permanent love for it. I am not afraid of failure, and what I am most afraid of is not seeing the direction. In the past few years of learning, I was deceived by the so-called Chinese master and suffered numerous injuries, They always deceive me in various ways to learn fake mod production methods, which has dealt me a blow. I am not a person with poor character, and I have great admiration and gratitude for the people who have helped me and the real teachers! If you have seen my personal introduction or if you are a teacher engaged in mobile game mod menu production, please contact me. In my growth process, you will be my best reliance and also my most grateful person in the future! I am willing to put in any effort for my career. If you come from another country, I will do my best to learn a new language to communicate with you. If you find my introduction a bit awkward, please don't mind if it's caused by translation robots
